=== Страница 1 ===
Non-official translation Announcement of an open public competition to receive grants from the Russian Science Foundation for the priority area of the Russian Science Foundation’s activity “Basic scientific research and exploratory scientific research conducted by international research teams” Russian Science Foundation (Foundation) announces an open public competition to receive grants from the Russian Science Foundation for the priority area of the Russian Science Foundation’s activity “Basic scientific research and exploratory scientific research conducted by international research teams”. Public competition is conducted in cooperation with the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, DFG). The grants shall be allocated for scientific and technical programmes and projects, basic scientific research and exploratory scientific research (hereinafter the projects, scientific research) in 2018-2020 for the following branches of knowledge, as indicated in the Competition Documentation. Projects conducted by international research teams, each of which consists of a Russian research team and a foreign research team, may take part in the competition. The Foundation’s grants shall be provided to the Russian research team on a free and nonrefundable basis according to the competition results under the terms, specified by the Foundation, via Russian research organisations, Russian higher educational organisations and international research organisations (interstate and intergovernmental), located on the territory of the Russian Federation, where the projects will be implemented (hereinafter the organisation). The DFG grant shall be provided to the foreign research team performing basic scientific research and exploratory scientific research under the terms specified by DFG. The size of one Foundation’s grant shall range from 4 (four) to 6 (six) million roubles annually. The necessary condition for the provision of a grant by the Foundation shall be the receipt by the foreign research team of a grant from DFG to implement the project. Funding of the project by the Foundation’s grant shall be discontinued in the event of funding of the project by the DFG grant is discontinued. The scope and name of the project involved in the Foundation’s competition must be identical to the scope and name of the project involved in the DFG competition. The scientist who serves as the leader of a project (leader of an area of the organisation’s integrated research programme) that was previously supported by the Foundation and that was not completed as of 31 December 2017, is not eligible to be the leader of the Russian team. Organisation and foreign organisation must provide within the application the letter of agreement to supply with necessary facilities and equipment for implementation of coordinated project, on plan and terms of the activities to be implemented within the framework of the project, on the terms of use of results of intellectual activities, originated from collective creative work during the implementation of the project, on the awareness on the requirements of the Foundation to the Russian research team. The Competition Documentation may also include other restrictions on applications of grant proposals. It shall not be permitted to submit to the Foundation a project that is similar in scope to a project which has been concurrently submitted for the other competitions of the Foundation or other research funders or organisations (other than those specified by this Competition Documentation) or which is currently being implemented using the funds of foundations or organisations, a

=== Страница 2 ===
government (municipal) state assignment or development programmes funded by the federal budget. If these conditions are violated, the Foundation shall discontinue funding for the project regardless of its stage of implementation with the simultaneous recovery of the funds paid to the grant recipient in the prescribed manner. The conditions for the grant award include the requirement to make the results of the research conducted by the research team the part of the public domain by publishing them in peerreviewed Russian and foreign scientific journals. Other conditions of the competition may be found in the Competition Documentation. Hard copies of the applications should be submitted to the Foundation no later than 12:00 a.m. (Moscow time) December 12, 2016 at the address: Moscow, GSP-2, 109992, ul. Solyanka, d. 14, str. 3. The competition results shall be approved by the Foundation’s Management Board by December 20, 2017 and published on the Internet at the Foundation website. Full text of the Competition Documentation, procedure for the expert evaluation of scientific and technical programmes and projects submitted for a competition of the Russian Science Foundation, the Criteria for the competitive selection of scientific and technical programmes and projects submitted for a competition of the Russian Science Foundation are published on the Internet at the Foundation website: www.рнф.рф and www.rscf.ru.